Example for handling break or return in iterable (#12859)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/statements/for-await...of/index.md

        }

        return Promise.resolve({ done: true });
      },
      return() {

>         // return will be called if the consumer called `break` or `return` early in the loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // return will be called if the consumer called 'break' or 'return' early in the loop.
```

>         // return will be called if the consumer called `break` or `return` early in the loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // return() will be called if the consumer called `break` or `return` early in the loop.
```

>         // return will be called if the consumer called 'break' or 'return' early in the loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // return() will be called if the consumer called 'break' or 'return' early in the loop.
```

>         // return will be called if the consumer called 'break' or 'return' early in the loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // This will be reached if the consumer called 'break' or 'return' early in the loop.
```
